update discover filter by table columns section (#4678)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/discover-queries/query-builder.mdx

When your "Display" selection is either "Total Period", "Previous Period", "Total Daily" or "Bar Chart", you can set up to three y-axes by selecting multiple checkboxes in the "Y-Axis" dropdown.

> ## Group & Stack With Table Columns {#filter-by-table-columns}

Author: @doralchan - I think this aligns with our conversation and the existing description, however, I'm a bit concerned because in the columns modal text, it uses the word "group" in the way we're using "stack" here. I think we should probably decide on exactly which terminology we want to use and then be consistent between docs and the UI.

> ## Group and Stack With Table Columns {#filter-by-table-columns}

Author: ```suggestion
## Group & Stack With Table Columns {#filter-by-table-columns}
```

Above the table, click "Columns" to open the modal that shows you a list of all the columns in the results table. You can add, delete, and move basic key field columns or custom tag columns by which results are grouped.

### Stacking Functions

You can also add any of the following functions as columns to stack events:

- `avg(...)`

> - `count(...)`

Author: This doesn't seem to be what the UI reflects anymore. Now there's a function that looks like this: `count()` and it doesn't take a parameter. So I'm not sure if this just needs to be removed or if the paragraph below is no longer accurate.

Reviewer: @imatwawana `count()` would be one of the few functions that do not take in a parameter. In circa 2019, it did take in a parameter; but this was changed. 

`count()` would need to be here; some paragraphs might need some re-wording.

> - `count(...)`

Author: ```suggestion
- `count()`
```

Author: Ah, thanks for the cc on this!

- `count_unique(...)`
- `max(...)`
- `min(...)`
- `sum(...)`

> Each function will ask you to assign a parameter. Some are required while others are optional. Functions will stack events based on the same values. If no functions are applied, the events in your "Query Results" table will remain individually listed. Once you are done editing the columns, click "Apply" and results will be reflected in the query results. Keep in mind, the table may horizontally scroll if many columns are added.

Author: ```suggestion
Some, but not all, functions require a parameter. Functions will stack events based on the same values. If no functions are applied, the events in your "Query Results" table will remain individually listed. Once you are done editing the columns, click "Apply" and results will be reflected in the query results. Keep in mind, the table may horizontally scroll if many columns are added.
```

Reviewer: Looks good to me! 👍
